(baby crying)
(caller shushing)
(theme music playing)
(siren wailing)
MAN:
Come on, man. You know me.
I'm good for it.
Come on, man, I'm good for it!
Lady, you sure this is
where you wanna be?
I'm pretty sure it's not.
(intense music playing)
(man groaning)
(siren wailing in distance)
(lighter flicks)
TK.
TK!
TK (weakly): Leave me alone.
(TK groans)
-GWYN: Oh, God.
-TK: Leave me alone.
GWYN: Hey.
Come on, let's get up.
-Come on.
-TK: Mom?
GWYN: Come on, get up.
(groaning)
How'd you find me?
I am your mother.
I will always find you.
-Should you be here?
-No!
And neither should you.
Let's go home.
-Come on, let's go.
-I can't, Mom.
Yes, you can.
Come on, get up.
-Is Dad with you?
-No, I came alone.
Come on, let's go.
TK: No, no, no, it's fine.
It's fine.
GWYN: TK.
TK!
OWEN (echoing): TK?
TK?
Do you have a preference?
I guess it doesn't
really matter.
At a certain point,
black is black.
CARLOS:
Okay, I can get three seats
at a 9:30 flight,
but the 11:00 a.m. flight
is a little bit cheaper.
The 9:30.
We have to be
at the funeral home
by 3:00 New York time.
I don't wanna
cut it that close.
-CARLOS: Yeah.
-Do you think he'll remember?
Jonah watched his mom die.
Do you think he'll remember it?
Uh, he's not even
a year old, son.
I don't think you can
remember things that early.
I did.
I remember the wallpaper
in the 86th Street apartment.
Purple flowers.
I remember the elephants
on the mobile above my crib.
I remember the songs
Mom sang me.
Not... Not the words.
I can't...
I can't really
remember the words,
but I, I, I know she sang to me.
God, he's gonna be
so traumatized.
Dad, if he saw...
OWEN: TK...
he's gonna be okay.
Okay? TK, I promise.
Who's gonna take him
to dim sum?
You. Enzo.
No, Enzo doesn't know
the place on Spring Street.
It's a hole in the wall.
He's gonna take him
somewhere fancy.
Babe, you can take him
to your place.
Everything's broken now.
Will he even know
how broken it is?
He'll never know the time
when it wasn't.
He'll never know Mom.
Yes, he will.
He'll know her through you
as a big brother.
You'll tell him about Mom.
The songs she sang.
He'll know her
through you.
Okay, I need to pack, right?
No, no, you don't.
It's all taken care of.
Alright?
I have to go
to the cleaners.
I'll swing back
and pick you guys up, okay?
-Yeah, we'll be ready.
-Alright.
I'm so sorry, Carlos.
It's your first time
to New York and it's like this.
TK, do not even
think about that.
I wish things were different.
Hey, look at me.
There will be other trips.
I'm gonna go grab us some food.
I'm not really hungry.
CARLOS: I know.
I know,
but you should eat something.
I'll figure it out.
I love you.
(quietly): Love you.
(somber music playing)
(keys jingling)
(door opens)
(door closes)
I'm just saying,
those delivery bikes
are dangerous.
Not usually.
MATEO: Zipping in
and out of traffic.
You can't hear 'em coming.
You think she saw that?
Well...
She managed to push the baby
out of the way, so, yeah.
(sighs deeply)
It's awful.
I know. I called my mom
as soon as I got home.
I should call mine too.
Hey, should we send flowers
or something?
JUDD:
No, that's all taken care of.
Grace ordered an arrangement.
It's gonna have
everybody's name on it.
It'll be there when they
get to the funeral home.
-Just let us know
how much we owe you.
-Yeah, I will.
MATEO: Hey, do you guys think
this is happening kinda fast?
I mean, it seems quick, right?
When my grandma died,
there was like
a week in between.
It's Jewish law.
Or tradition, actually.
Burial has to happen
within 24 hours.
Maybe it is better
just to get it over with.
PAUL: Hmm.
TK: Hey, guys.
Hey, TK.
Shouldn't you, uh, be
on a plane right about now?
Yeah, I'm not going.
-You're not?
-Nope.
(indistinct announcement
over PA)
Hey, Nance.
Hey.
MAN:
Here. I'll bring it up.
WOMAN:
That's good.
(tense music playing)
(keypad beeps)
-OWEN: Hey.
-Yeah?
Son, what are you doing?
GWYN: You should eat.
TK: I'm not really hungry.
Yes, you are.
You just don't know it.
(groans weakly)
Swallow.
I'm not a damn baby, Mom.
GWYN: No, you're not.
Because when a baby reaches
for something sharp,
it doesn't know the danger.
You know the danger
and you're still reaching,
you're still sticking
that sharp thing into you.
You've lost control, TK.
We're getting you help.
I don't need help. It's...
It's not like that, alright?
I'm-I'm managing.
Is that what
you were doing yesterday
in that place, managing it?
You don't...
Ask Dad.
Ask him how many shifts
I've missed.
Ask all the other guys
if I've missed one shift
or if I've shown up
late or, or dirty
'cause, no, I have not.
Are you addicted
to the needle prick yet?
Oh, my God.
Mom, why--
GWYN: I read about it.
Needle fixation.
The ritual of the pain.
Why are we even
talking about this?
You gonna eat that?
-No, I'm gonna puke.
-Then puke.
But just get it all out because
we have a flight to catch.
What?
Our plane leaves in two hours.
-What are you talking about?
-I'm taking you to rehab.
-Rehab?
-GWYN: There's a place
in California
that is supposed
to be the best.
C... Califor...
Mom, I have work.
No, you don't.
Not for 30 days.
No. I am...
I am not doing that, Mom.
Do what you want.
You have six hours to decide.
-No.
-Because we are
getting on that plane!
-No!
-(pounds on table)
(cutlery clatters)
I have to stay here, Mom.
They need me.
Listen... Look at me,
I'm-I'm fine.
I'm a firefighter, Mom, alright?
I save lives.
That is what
I am trying to do.
(horns honking)
It should open up in a minute.
It always kinda
clogs up here.
Alright, so Carlos
is checking us in
and we only have one bag
to worry about,
so we just gotta
get through security,
we should be fine.
(honking continues)
We will be fine getting
through security, right?
You wanna frisk me first?
Do I need to?
I was just doing inventory, Dad.
I already told you that.
You can believe me or not.
Why were you even there, TK?
You knew you had
a flight to catch.
I don't know. I...
I just thought
it'd be a good idea.
Just wanted the day
to be normal, but it's...
it's not.
No, it's not.
I don't wanna do this, Dad.
-I don't wanna go.
-TK.
It's not even like it's gonna
be Mom in that box anyway.
-That-that's not where
she is right now.
-Son.
Dad, I swear to God,
I'm gonna crawl out of my skin.
No, you're not.
You're gonna get through this.
I don't wanna do it
any more than you do.
But it's life,
it's what people do.
They go to funerals.
It never seems fair.
It's not just another funeral.
It's Mom's.
You may not have
loved her anymore,
but I still do.
I loved your mother.
I always did.
Even when things
got complicated.
Never thought I'd be...
rushing to catch a flight
to go back and...
(exhales)
I loved your mother.
(horns honking)
Come on. We can still make it.
-CARLOS: You didn't make it.
-We didn't?
You didn't,
but you're going to.
Two tickets for the flight
leaving in 25 minutes.
It's coach, but should
get you there in time.
I thought the last flight
was at 11:00.
I was looking for three seats.
This one only had two.
What about you?
I'll take the later one.
You guys need to be there.
Thank you, Carlos.
You're saving the day.
Yeah.
You weren't home
when I got back.
I went to the firehouse.
I don't even know why.
TK, it's fine. I was just...
I was just worried about you.
I hate that I can't make
everything okay.
Alright, go.
I'll-I'll see you in New York.
Okay.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Welcome aboard. Hi.
Welcome.
GWYN: It's right here, honey.
Do you want to sit
in the window or the aisle?
I don't care. I feel sick.
Then the aisle.
(exhaling, wincing)
(flight attendant continues,
indistinct)
Everybody's
looking at me, Mom.
It's the curse of
the Strand men.
I don't think it's for
the cheekbones this time.
You should have
let me stop on the way.
Get enough just for the flight.
That's the chemicals talking.
No, it's the chemicals
screaming.
(labored breathing)
(exhales)
(clinking)
(dings)
(thuds)
(baby crying)
(indistinct chatter)
(Gwyn singing in Hebrew)
You remember that?
I used to sing that to you
when you were a baby.
What is it?
It's a prayer for the soul,
the neshama.
It's about how much damage
we try to inflict on ourselves.
And yet the neshama
remains untouched.
Does the Torah say anything
about being dope sick?
Because I think my neshama
bailed back in Queens.
No, sweetheart, it doesn't.
Mom, I'm not gonna
make it to California.
-You couldn't find
something upstate?
-Hm.
ATTENDANT:
Seat belt? Great.
Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you
-to fasten your
seat belt before takeoff.
-Yeah.
-ATTENDANT: Thank you.
-Sh, sh, sh...
-Do you want the aisle?
-I don't care.
WOMAN: No, I'm not making fun.
Remember, the doctor said
it's gonna take some time
to get your strength back.
You sure you're
gonna be alright?
My sister said
she'd be happy to stop by.
Okay, okay, forget I said it.
I'll call you when we land.
I love you, too.
My husband.
He had a stroke
a few months ago.
It's my first time
leaving him.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Appreciate that.
They expect him
to have a full recovery.
Thank God I was home.
I called 9-1-1.
They had him in surgery
in an hour.
Golden hour.
It's a real thing.
Oh, you're in the medical field?
We're first responders.
I'm Owen, I'm a firefighter.
This is my son TK,
he's a paramedic.
Genevieve,
formerly a retired CPA.
Oh, yeah?
What are you doing now?
Still a CPA,
just no longer retired.
Never thought I'd be doing
another field audit again,
but with my husband's bills,
well, life keeps you
on your toes, doesn't it?
It certainly does.
So what takes you boys
to New York?
My mom.
Oh, that's lovely.
She's sure gonna be
happy to see you.
Our first moved to Atlanta
three years ago.
Every time she comes home,
it's a joy.
Hey, miss?
(snapping fingers)
Hey, stewardess?
Can I get a vodka tonic?
I'm sorry, but beverage service
will be available
once we're in the air.
What? Come on, I get them
in first class all the time.
ATTENDANT: Sir, please.
Seriously, though,
I need a drink for takeoff.
ATTENDANT:
I'm gonna need you to lower
your voice and calm down.
PASSENGER:
Don't tell me to calm down.
I have anxiety.
Yo! You heard the lady.
Calm down and shut your mouth.
Sir, please stay out of this,
we don't need you
to escalate things.
I'm sorry. He's had
a little bit of a tough day.
He's not gonna be a problem.
That guy's being
a total dick.
Yeah, he is.
But when they come and
yank him off the plane,
I don't want them
yanking you off too.
Speak for yourself.
(dings)
ATTENDANT 1:
You always imagine
the layovers in Paris.
Not quite so glamorous
in Bozeman.
-How's the book?
-ATTENDANT 2: It's terrible.
Super trashy. Can't put it down.
Hey, anything to get you
through Iowa and Nebraska.
(lock clicks)
Cap, you have a second?
What's going on?
The last thing I wanna do is
come in here pointing fingers.
Pointing fingers?
At whom?
TK.
And I'm sick over it,
because I know how hard
he has worked on his sobriety.
I mean we were at the party
when he got his chip.
So the last thing in the world
I wanna suggest
is that he might have slipped.
Okay. Tell me.
I thought it was weird
he came in today at all.
You know,
with everything going on.
Then he made
a beeline to the bus,
like he was on a mission.
-And?
-I went in there after he left.
He was in
the narcotics safe, Cap.
How can you be sure?
He left the pouch open.
I know because
I just restocked it.
Okay. Well, was there
anything missing?
No.
At least not by my count.
TOMMY:
That's good. That's good.
We'll give him
the benefit of the doubt.
Right?
Totally. He deserves that.
Okay. I'm sure it was nothing.
And we'll do a full inventory
of the supply cabinet
just to be sure.
Thanks.
(dings)
I gotta hit the head, Dad.
Okay.
Sorry about my son earlier.
He's usually a little...
friendlier.
He's friendly enough.
And he wasn't wrong.
That guy was being a dick.
Oh, total dick.
So I take it,
this isn't a happy trip?
No, it's not.
My ex-wife,
his-his mother passed away,
and we're on the way
to the funeral.
Oh.
That's terrible. I'm so sorry.
-My condolences.
-Thank you.
Was it expected?
No, it was...
certainly not expected.
I don't think it's sunk in
for either one of us yet.
Hmm.
Life is relentless, isn't it?
It sure the hell is.
You'd think I'd be used to it.
(sighs)
(loud rumbling)
(passengers gasp)
ATTENDANT (over PA):
Ladies and gentlemen,
the captain has turned on
the fasten seat belt sign.
Please return to your seats
and fasten your seat belts.
Oh, my Lord.
It must be coming
from the engine. It's on fire!
(glass shatters)
(passengers screaming)
(screaming continues)
Dad!
Dad! Dad!
Unbuckle the seat belt!
(wind gusting)
Go this way!
We gotta plug that up!
PILOT:
Folks, please remain calm.
We still have
control of the airplane.
We're gonna be
depressurizing the cabin
and returning
to the Austin Airport.
Hey, Genevieve, wake up.
Come on.
-Wake up.
-Where am I?
You're still on the plane.
I must have nodded off.
Why aren't we sitting down?
Let's keep you steady.
I think you might
have a concussion.
Dad, I need you to grab me
a blanket and a medkit.
It should be
somewhere in the galley.
I feel like I can't breathe.
-Why can't I breathe?
-The air's still thin up here.
But we're descending.
You'll be able to breathe soon.
What happened to me?
There was an incident
on the plane.
You were hurt.
Did I go outside?
I feel like I went outside,
but that's not right.
Only for a few seconds
but you...
you're gonna be fine.
-(winces)
-Hey, hey, hey. Genevieve?
(rumbling)
Hey, Genevieve, can you breathe?
(weakly): Yeah.
I'm gonna be okay, though?
Your pulse is a fast,
but it's strong
and your respiration is...
uh...
It's-- it's good.
Um...
(Genevieve groans)
(wincing)
What do you need, son?
There's nothing
in the kit for this.
(dramatic music playing)
So with this tray,
we're at 35,
36 vials of morphine.
Good, that matches the count.
Thank God.
Okay, let's go to Ativan next.
(sighs) Yep.
Why do I feel like
we're doing something shady?
Like we're going through
TK's dirty laundry?
-How many you got there?
-All ten.
Alright.
You're not doing anything shady.
You're a great medic
and a great friend.
Well, it feels pretty shady.
(cell phone ringing)
-Owen?
-OWEN (over phone):
Hey, Tommy, we have a problem.
Did you miss your flight?
I wish.
We're on the plane,
we lost an engine.
Pilot has the airplane
under control,
but a passenger was injured
when the cabin depressurized.
Oh.
OWEN: We're gonna
need your expertise
with this wound.
I've got TK right here.
Hey, Cap.
Hey, buddy. Uh, tell me
what you're dealing with.
TK:
We've got a 50-something
female with a concussion.
She's close
to exsanguinating
from a deep laceration
to the right axilla.
GENEVIEVE:
Oh, I'm fine, honey.
No need for a fuss.
Okay, TK, your-your dad said
that your patient was injured
when the plane depressurized?
TK: Yeah, the window blew
and she was partially
sucked out of the plane.
And she hit
the frame pretty hard.
NANCY: The window blew?
As in the plane window?
TK:
Yeah. And I'm trying
to stuff the wound
with as much gauze
as I could find,
but it's in
an awkward angle and I--
I can't put enough pressure
on it to stop the hemorrhaging.
TOMMY: Alright, TK, I need you
to send me a video of the wound
so that I know
what we're dealing with.
TK:
Alright. Stand by.
Alright, Genevieve, we're gonna
take a video of you, alright?
GENEVIEVE: Not my best angle.
-TK: Got it.
-Alright, it's sending.
(rumbling)
Hang on.
Alright, you should have it.
-(phone bloops)
-Got it.
Cap, that thing is pumpin'.
Hey, TK, the way
that blood is moving,
I'd say her axillary artery
was torn.
Agreed, so what do we do?
TOMMY: We need to apply
an even amount of pressure
to the wound at a slope
that matches
the curve of her armpit.
Well, you need to get her
in a junctional tourniquet.
We don't have those
up here, Cap.
Yeah, the medkit
is pretty threadbare.
Well, you'll just have
to make your own.
I had a motorcycle call once.
The guy had a similar bleed,
I used his helmet.
I jammed it up against the wound
and I fixed it in place
with jumper cables.
I don't think many people
brought a helmet
with their carry-ons.
I wouldn't expect so,
but it's alright.
We're gonna figure this out.
Nancy, uh, get the tablet,
start image searching
the inside of plane cabins.
Emergency gear,
uh, kitchen supplies,
anything that we can use.
Guys, we're looking
for anything
with a smooth curve
and hard surface.
Cap.
TOMMY:
Owen, is there an ice bucket
on the beverage cart?
We need an ice bucket!
ATTENDANT:
Yep. Here!
That's not gonna work.
It's plastic.
Uh, what about a coffee pot?
Yes.
Ah! It's not in here.
Alright, everybody look under
your seats for the coffee pot.
It probably
rolled under somewhere.
WOMAN:
Oh, here. Here it is.
I've got it.
Thank you.
Alright, this should work.
TOMMY:
Okay, now I need you
to press the rounded surface
-against the wound.
-Got it.
And tie it into place
as tight as you can.
That belt's not gonna be
long enough to reach
across the chest.
Is there any way to remove
some seat belts?
Yes! Yes.
(Genevieve groans)
TK: Hey, Genevieve,
it's gonna be okay.
OWEN:
How do you wanna do this?
Hold it in place
while I secure it.
Hang tight, Genevieve,
hang tight.
(groaning)
Alright.
(Genevieve groaning sharply)
Alright, Genevieve,
I'm warning you,
this is gonna get uncomfortable.
Gonna?
(screaming)
(screaming continues over phone)
Oh, my God.
It worked!
Cap, the bleeding stopped.
Genevieve, how's your pain?
(sighs) Your daddy
didn't raise no liar.
(Genevieve wincing)
-(heavy breathing)
-Genevieve?
Genevieve?
Hey! Hey, hey!
TK, what's happening?
Her pulse is getting high.
It's in the 130s and rising.
She's lost too much blood.
Her heart is compensating.
You need to push as much fluid
into her as possible.
Tell me that medkit
has saline.
It did, but we already used
half the liter that we had.
We need saline!
Anybody got eye solution?
OWEN: Anybody got
saline solution?
Anybody?
-No takers.
-TK: Cap. I'm losing her.
-Nancy, any ideas?
-To improvise saline?
-Yes!
-Let me look.
Uh, coconut water.
Soldiers in World War II
used that
for intravenous fluids.
It does have a high
concentration of electrolytes,
but it's not gonna work
for very long.
Don't worry, we're not
gonna be in the air for long.
First class, you gotta have
coconut water somewhere.
-Yes.
-OWEN: Bring me
everything you got.
TOMMY:
Owen, how did you know
about the coconut water?
I read.
Alright, give it
a squeeze, Dad.
Keep going.
(muttering)
(TK sighs)
OWEN: Captain,
she's regained consciousness.
I'm glad to hear it.
(chuckles)
Way to fight, Genevieve.
Way to fight.
Oh, you gotta get cleaned up
before we land.
You're gonna
see your mama, right?
You don't want her
to see you looking like that.
-No.
-(laughs)
-No, I don't.
-Yeah.
(heavy breathing)
(rumbling)
ATTENDANT (over PA):
We'll be experiencing
some turbulence
for the next few minutes.
The captain has requested
that all passengers
return to their seats.
Please make sure
your seat belts are fastened
and any items not secured
in the overhead bin
are stored underneath
the seat in front of you.
Thank you.
-(knock on door)
-ATTENDANT: Sir?
Sir?
We need you to get back
to your seat.
-(knock on door)
-Sir?
Where'd you go?
Bathroom.
You must have
gotten up really quietly.
You know, I might not be able
to buckle my own seat belt,
but I can still go
to the bathroom
without my mommy.
What's the gum for?
Seriously?
I puked, alright?
It beats the stomach acid.
What's on your fingers?
Oh, that, uh...
It might be from
the soap dispenser.
What's... What's up
with all the questions, Mom?
Just trying to give you
an opportunity
to tell the truth.
I am telling the truth.
Look at me, TK.
There is no one left
to lie to.
I'm not lying, Mom.
Why aren't you shaking anymore?
It... It... It passes,
I already told you that.
What were you doing
in the bathroom?
Did you bring drugs
on this plane?
No, you did everything short
of a body cavity search
-before we got on.
-Maybe I should have done that.
Yeah, well, maybe you should
mind your own damn business.
You are my business, TK.
You will always be my business.
What do you think's
gonna happen in California?
Hmm?
Think I won't figure out
where to score
within ten minutes?
You can't save me, Mom.
I know.
But I have to try.
I can't bear the thought of
going to my own son's funeral.
I can't bear it.
PILOT:
Folks, please be advised
we're approaching
Austin-Bergstrom
International Airport.
And we expect to start
our descent in a few minutes.
-Dad?
-OWEN: Yes, son?
I lied.
I lied about what I was
doing in the ambulance
when you found me.
TK, we don't have
to do this right now.
It was fentanyl.
I had two vials of fentanyl
in my hand when you found me.
I was gonna steal it and...
and get so high that...
nothing mattered.
And I was ready.
And I would have done it
if you didn't find me.
Well, I did find you.
I can't believe I was
gonna do that to Mom.
I'm so sorry, Dad.
Hey.
Everything's gonna be okay.
(sniffles)
(hopeful music playing)
(rumbling)
NEWSCASTER: Folks,
we have a breaking story
unfolding in the skies
over Austin.
We're getting
our first look now
at Aero Blue flight 391,
which we're being told
experienced
a mid-air explosion
in one of its engines.
The engine and wing
are now fully engulfed
as the plane prepares
to return to Austin
for an emergency landing.
We should warn
our audience,
what we're about to see
could be disturbing.
ATTENDANT (over PA):
At this time we ask
that you store
all personal items
under the seat in front of you
as we prepare for touchdown
in Los Angeles.
We hope you enjoyed
your time with us
and thank you for
flying Wayfare Airlines.
("Amen" by Amber Run playing)
♪ Amen
♪
♪ I see You in the daytime
♪ And I hear You at night
♪ There's a pale imitation
burnt in my eyes ♪
♪ I don't wanna be here
♪ I don't know what to do
♪ Sometimes
I'd rather be dead ♪
♪ At least then I'm with You
♪ Amen
♪ Amen, amen
♪ Amen, amen ♪
♪ Amen
(thudding)
(applause)
(no audio)
(clapping)
♪ And is there
a God up there? ♪
♪ So, where does He hide?
♪ 'Cause the devil
is raging inside my mind ♪
Whoo!
♪ Is there a moment
when it all makes sense? ♪
♪ When saying goodbye
doesn't feel like the end? ♪
♪ Amen
WOMAN (over PA):
Please do not leave bags
unattended.
Unattended bags
will be confiscated
by airport security.
Please report any
suspicious behavior to TSA.
Welcome to Los Angeles
International Airport.
You ordered a car?
GWYN: The clinic
has a shuttle service.
Fancy.
MAN (over PA):
Thank you for visiting LAX.
We would like
to encourage you to dine
at one of our
many restaurants...
You're not coming?
When you walk
through those doors,
you need to do it on your own.
You need to do it for yourself.
What are you gonna do?
-GWYN: I'm going home.
-Right now?
My plane leaves
in about an hour.
Um...
Well, uh, let's see
if this guy knows
a good Chinese spot
in this town to...
Maybe dim sum.
You're bargaining, honey.
They recommend
you not stop anywhere.
You just go straight
to the clinic.
It's 30 days, TK.
That's the commitment.
Um, well...
Maybe... maybe just
take me that far,
you could check me in.
My sweet boy.
I've traveled with you
as far as I can.
The next steps you take
are yours.
I don't know if I could
do it without you.
GWYN: You can.
You are stronger than you know.
I'll always be with you.
Okay.
(light acoustic guitar playing)
♪
(indistinct chatter)
You okay?
Yeah, I think so.
The NTSB has a couple
more questions for me.
We're not gonna
make the funeral, are we?
No.
No, son, we're not.
You think she'll forgive us?
I think she'd understand.
I'll go finish up.
♪
(laughs)
CARLOS (voice breaking):
I didn't think I was
gonna see you again.
I just kept thinking,
"I'm the one who put him
on the plane."
It's okay. It's okay.
-Hey.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
-It's not my blood.
It's not me.
It's not my blood.
Okay? I'm okay.
You're okay?
I'll be right back.
Be right back.
I don't remember much.
You're gonna have to ask
the young man who saved my life.
You mama's gonna be
so proud of you.
OWEN: She already is.
-(sighs deeply)
-What do you wanna do?
Kinda wanna remember Mom.
Always.
I mean, like right now.
How's Chinese food
sound for you guys?
-I'm back!
-TK: Alright.
I'll grab plates.
(sniffs) Mm!
This is a great idea, Dad.
Is it?
I can almost feel
the bloating just from
inhaling the sodium.
Oh, come on, Dad,
it's in honor of Mom.
Do you wanna eat
in the dining room?
GWYN: Dining room?
Who eats decent Chinese takeout
in a dining room?
Assuming Texas has
decent Chinese takeout.
Smells good.
TK: Okay.
-How is it?
-GWYN: Hmm...
Not Spring Street,
but it'll do.
It's good.
This is really,
really, really good.
Look at us.
How long has it been
since we've
had a family dinner
together?
Hmm. Well, carry the one...
It's the first of many to come.
TK:
I am very, very, very happy
that you're here, Mom.
I have a feeling
you are gonna love Austin.
You know what?
I'm kinda getting
that feeling too.
-OWEN: Give me some of that.
-Alright.
-OWEN: Ah!
-It's tofu, though.
GWYN:
No, I'm not allowed to eat.
(indistinct chatter)
Captioned by Point.360